HT: Housing type
	1. Household
	2. Correctional facilities for adults
	3. Juvenile facilities
	4. Nursing facilities/Skilled-nursing facilities
	5. Other institutional facilities
	6. College/University student housing
	7. Military quarters
	8. Other noninstitutional facilities

VA: Voting age
	1. Aged below 18
	2. Aged 18 and above

E: Ethnicity
	1. Non-Hispanic
	2. Hispanic

R: Race
        1. Population of one race: White alone
        2. Population of one race: Black or African American alone
        3. Population of one race: American Indian and Alaska Native alone
        4. Population of one race: Asian alone
        5. Population of one race: Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone
        6. Population of one race: Some Other Race alone
        7. Two or More Races: Population of two races: White; Black or African American
        8. Two or More Races: Population of two races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native
        9. Two or More Races: Population of two races: White; Asian
        10. Two or More Races: Population of two races: White; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        11. Two or More Races: Population of two races: White; Some Other Race
        12. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native
        13. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Black or African American; Asian
        14. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Black or African American; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        15. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Black or African American; Some Other Race
        16. Two or More Races: Population of two races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian
        17. Two or More Races: Population of two races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        18. Two or More Races: Population of two races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Some Other Race
        19. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        20. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Asian; Some Other Race
        21. Two or More Races: Population of two races: Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        22. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native
        23. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Black or African American; Asian
        24. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Black or African American; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        25. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Black or African American; Some Other Race
        26. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian
        27. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        28. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Some Other Race
        29. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        30. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Asian; Some Other Race
        31. Two or More Races: Population of three races: White; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        32. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian
        33. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        34. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Some Other Race
        35. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        36. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; Asian; Some Other Race
        37. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Black or African American; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        38. Two or More Races: Population of three races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        39. Two or More Races: Population of three races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Some Other Race
        40. Two or More Races: Population of three races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        41. Two or More Races: Population of three races: Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        42. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian
        43. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        44. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Some Other Race
        45. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        46. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; Asian; Some Other Race
        47. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Black or African American; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        48. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        49. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Some Other Race
        50. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        51. Two or More Races: Population of four races: White; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        52. Two or More Races: Population of four races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        53. Two or More Races: Population of four races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Some Other Race
        54. Two or More Races: Population of four races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        55. Two or More Races: Population of four races: Black or African American; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        56. Two or More Races: Population of four races: American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        57. Two or More Races: Population of five races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander
        58. Two or More Races: Population of five races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Some Other Race
        59. Two or More Races: Population of five races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        60. Two or More Races: Population of five races: White; Black or African American; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        61. Two or More Races: Population of five races: White; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        62. Two or More Races: Population of five races: Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race
        63. Two or More Races: Population of six races: White; Black or African American; American Indian and Alaska Native; Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Some Other Race

S: Sex
	1. Male
	2. Female